So that's the default map method or the map object excuse me.
I think it should be really straightforward to use with those key value pairs being stored set method
to set them or overwrite them.
Get method to get them to delete them of course.
And the for loop to go through them all and declare a method of course to clear you map a nice little
collection indeed because it allows you to not having to use object just storage key value pairs because
that was how you had to do it in the past right.
You had to create and you could object in order to be able to store key value pairs and that again is
a task you will encounter from time to time your in your code that you want to not only push items on
an array but instead store them together with a key but which you can retrieve them all to keep in mind
the fact that each Kubler Perry unique is of course also a great addition or a great way which makes
sure that you're not by accident.
Well setting two interfering values or anything like that.
So certainly a great addition the map object